n26265: add a few more questions (#575)
bitcoin-core-review-club/website: _posts/2022-10-26-#26265.md

1. Did you review the PR? [Concept ACK, approach ACK, tested ACK, or
   NACK](https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#peer-review)?

1. Why was the minimum transaction size 85 bytes? Can you describe the attack? Why does setting this

>    policy help prevent the attack? Does it eliminate the possibility?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   policy help prevent the attack? Does it eliminate the attack vector entirely?
```

1. Between disallowing sizes less than 65 bytes and sizes equal to 64 bytes, which approach do you
   think is better and why? What are the different implications of both approaches?

> 1. What is "OP_RETURN padding"? How is `MIN_PADDING` calculated
>    [here](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/e5adc1a284a9292362e75501adc9f71ac6ecdf6e#diff-28d3b20588dcdd115f47a2c83254a9dcf413b6b6dbe5ad1833e922a042b0023eR34),
> i.e., what items are 10, 9, and 41 bytes?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. What is "OP_RETURN padding"? What do 10, 9, and 41 represent in the calculation of [`MIN_PADDING`](https://github.com/bitcoin-core-review-club/bitcoin/commit/e5adc1a284a9292362e75501adc9f71ac6ecdf6e#diff-28d3b20588dcdd115f47a2c83254a9dcf413b6b6dbe5ad1833e922a042b0023eR34)
```
